# Filter search result and keep only items with matching property and Q identifier

Filter search result and keep only items with matching property and Q
identifier

## Usage

``` r
tw_filter(
  search,
  p,
  q,
  language = tidywikidatar::tw_get_language(),
  limit = 10,
  include_search = FALSE,
  wait = 0,
  cache = NULL,
  overwrite_cache = FALSE,
  cache_connection = NULL,
  disconnect_db = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- search:

  A data frame generated by
  [`tw_search()`](https://edjnet.github.io/tidywikidatar/reference/tw_search.md),
  or a search query. If a data frame is given, language and limits are
  ignore.

- p:

  A character vector of length 1, a property. Must always start with the
  capital letter "P", e.g. "P31" for "instance of".

- q:

  A character vector of length 1, a wikidata id. Must always start with
  the capital letter "Q", e.g. "Q5" for "human being".

- language:

  Language to be used for the search. Can be set once per session with
  [`tw_set_language()`](https://edjnet.github.io/tidywikidatar/reference/tw_set_language.md).
  If not set, defaults to "en". For a full list, see
  https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Help:Wikimedia_language_codes/lists/all

- limit:

  Maximum numbers of responses to be given.

- include_search:

  Logical, defaults to FALSE. If TRUE, the search is returned as an
  additional column.

- wait:

  In seconds, defaults to 0. Time to wait between queries to Wikidata.
  If data are cached locally, wait time is not applied. If you are
  running many queries systematically you may want to add some waiting
  time between queries.

- cache:

  Defaults to NULL. If given, it should be given either TRUE or FALSE.
  Typically set with
  [`tw_enable_cache()`](https://edjnet.github.io/tidywikidatar/reference/tw_enable_cache.md)
  or
  [`tw_disable_cache()`](https://edjnet.github.io/tidywikidatar/reference/tw_disable_cache.md).

- overwrite_cache:

  Defaults to FALSE. If TRUE, overwrites cache.

- cache_connection:

  Defaults to NULL. If NULL, and caching is enabled, `tidywikidatar`
  will use a local sqlite database. A custom connection to other
  databases can be given (see vignette `caching` for details).

- disconnect_db:

  Defaults to TRUE. If FALSE, leaves the connection to cache open.

## Value

A data frame with three columns, `id`, `label`, and `description`,
filtered by the above criteria.

## Examples

``` r
tw_search(search = "Margaret Mead", limit = 3) %>%
  tw_filter(p = "P31", q = "Q5")
#> # A tibble: 2 × 3
#>   id        label            description                        
#>   <chr>     <chr>            <chr>                              
#> 1 Q180099   Margaret Mead    American anthropologist (1901-1978)
#> 2 Q96077616 Margaret Meadows (1718-1781)                        
```
